
FLUENTS
    declared with built-in and user-defined types
    in formulae
        goals
        initially?
        actions
    assigned formulae (ontic effects)
    assigned values (initially)
    assigned values in worlds







FIX NDState.equivalent!
implement initialize


OPTIMIZATIONS
    fast check for agent type at depth


NEEDED FOR AIJ PAPER
    fail conditions?
    all agents automatically perform observations after any agent's ontic and announcement actions?
    replanning (policy updates?)?
    !plan for model learning, track models through search tree
    !model updates

DONE FOR AIJ
    arbitrary agent turn order (recode search algo)
    read config files
    time formulae for goals
    conditional effects ('hiding')
    constants, constant removal
    observesif (and causesif, and what else?) should check constants as well as fluents
    handle mulitple observes and observesif rules per agent, probably or them together

move check for right types of agents etc to planner instead of parser:
e.g. should be able to have depls with no system agent just for testing actions

remove static id counter from Solution

stop early if cycles

move Initialize into parser directory

add a new abstract class for NonPassiveAgents

redo test: getworlds only gives form worlds.

beliefRelation and KnowledgeRelation subtypes, just for type safety in kripkeStructure constructor

try to execute an action without preconditions satisfied, e.g. using test system: not caught except that there is no designated world...

make parser die on parse error

improve makefile, still finnicky

observesif uses undefined type in expansion, catch error

can't expand on 'object' type

predicates as action parameters, variables?

iterated dfs: iterate cost instead of # actions?

hashCode and equals functions for actions, so we don't have to search through action names or whatever



heurisitics to speed search
heuristics to stop before goal, time limits?
common knowledge
real fluents
probability



DAGSTUHL

    APPLICATIONS
        cooperative agents
        purley adversarial games
        assistive agent problems
        security games
    PROBLEMS
      * Gossip (f) [a,c,d]
        Hanabi (b,z) [d,z,h]
        Clue [b,h,z]
        Scotland yard
        Bitstring
        BlocksWorld For Teams - BW4T
        
    BENCHMARKS



